/* -----------------------------
  1. Listening
----------------------------- */

You're at the (1) ______, everyday  //office
Typing thousands lines of (2) _____  //code
You spend you days debugging (3) ______  //scripts
And you boss gives you the creeps
Sixty five (4) ______  //developers
Planted in dark cubicles
You team is always very late
You work is just impossible
The (5) ______is already missed  //deadlines
CEO is always pissed
You drown youself in tones of code
What a lousy daily (6) _______  //mode
You wish for something truly else
To clean away the mess
But your is (7) ______ so stubborn. You're stuck. //boss


And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...
And so you code ...


After six years you pass out
You set to try uniPaaS out
Complex (8) _____ are now a breeze  //projects
You beat deadlines with such great ease


You lousy boss is now released
CEO is fully pleased 
You take his place, you're now in charge
You get an office nice and large
You've been (9) ______, you're the boss  //promoted
The rest who code, it's just their loss
And you are happy as you can be, Alors,
Now you're the boss,


la-la la-la-la-la
la-la la-la-la-la
Now you're the boss,
la-la la-la-la-la
la-la la-la-la-la
Now you're the boss,
Now you're the boss,
(10) ______ is still slow //competition
Because they code,


And so they (11) _____... //code
And so they code ...
Compile and (12) _____  // load
In debug mode
And so they code ...  
Their (13) _____ corrode  // brain
Because they code
And so they code ...
And so they code ...
And so they code ...
And so they code ...
And so they code ...
And so they code ...
And so they code ...





/* -----------------------------
  2. Writing
----------------------------- */
Basing on the rules from the previous and actual lesson, choose the present simple or present continuous verb forms:
1. (You / come) ________________________________ tonight?
1. Are you coming tonight?
2. (He / eat) _____________________________ rice every day?
2. Does he eat rice every day?
3. I (work) _______________________________ at the moment.
3. I am working at the moment
4. (He / come) __________________________ to London often?
4. Does he come to London often?
5. He (play) _________________________ Counter Strike now.
5. He is playing Counter Strike now.
6. (You / come) ________________________ to the office later?
7. Are you coming to the office later?
7. They (not / come) _________________ to the party tomorrow.
7. They aren't coming to the party tomorrow.
8. He (not / play) ________________________ Angry birds now.
8. He is playing Angry birds now. 
9. (You / play) ________________________ tennis this Sunday?
9. Do you play tennis this Sunday?
10. They (go) _________________ to IT- conferences every Saturday.
10. They go to IT- conferences every Saturday.
11. She (not / go) ______________ to the conference very often.
11. She don't go to the conference very often.
12. You usually (arrive) _____________________________ late.
12. You usually arrive late.
13. He normally (eat) ______________________ dinner at home.
13. He normally is eating dinner at home.
14. (You / study) ____________________________ every night?
14. Do you study every night?
15. (They / work)____________________________ late usually?
15. Do they work late usually?
16. You (not / go) ______________________________ out later.
16. You aren't going out later.
17. I (not / work) _________________________________ tonight.
18. I am not working tonight.
18. (She / work) __________________________ at the moment?
19. Is she working at the moment?
19. I (not / drink) _________________________ coffee very often.
19. I am not drinking coffee very often.
20. Julie (sleep) ___________________________________ now.
20. Julie is sleeping now.


/* -----------------------------
  3. Reading
----------------------------- */

1. The list below gives some characteristics of addiction. Which THREE of the following were mentioned as characteristics of addiction to television?

harmful physical effects
loss of control over time      ++?
destruction of relationships
reduced intellectual performance   +++
discomfort when attempting to give up  +++
dishonesty about the extent of the addiction


2. Do the following statements agree with the information given in text below?
YES if the statement agrees with the writer's claims
NO if the statement contradicts the writer's claims
NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

One purpose of the research is to help people to manage their lives better. NOT GIVEN
Watching television has reduced the amount of time people spend sleeping. NOT GIVEN
People's brains show less activity while watching television than when reading.  YES
There is a relationship between the length of time spent watching TV and economic status.  NOT GIVEN
Pleasure increases in proportion to the length of time spent watching TV.  NO


3. Classify the following feelings or mental states as generally occurring:

a. before watching television
b. while watching television
c. after watching television
d. both while and after watching television

1. reduced anxiety and stress.     d
2. increased fatigue.              c
3. higher levels of concentration. a
4. less mental activity.           d
5. worry about time wasted.        c


4.

1. brain waves stopped momentarily F
2. blood supply to head increased  C
3. heart rate reduced              E
4. body becomes more relaxed       A



/* -----------------------------
  4. Speaking
----------------------------- */

